# Data

This directory contains processed data generated from BAM files, data
from output of various sequencing analysis programs or clinical data.
Descriptions of each file in the directory and how it was created are
discussed below

### Contents

1.) [pre_therapy_nonsynonmous_mutations.csv](pre_therapy_nonsynonmous_mutations.csv)
<br>This file contains a list of non-synonmous mutations for pre-therapy
samples included in the study. Please see STAR*METHODS for description
of programs used for mutation calling and subsequent filtering methods.
This file is essentially table S3 from manuscript. 


2.) [genomic_data_per_case.csv](genomic_data_per_case.csv)
<br>This file contains which sequencing analysis were performed on each patient. 
This file is essentially table S4 from manuscript. 

3.) [pyclone/pre](pyclone/pre)
<br>Output of PyClone run on pre-therapy exome sequencing data. 

4.) [clonality.data.table.pyclone.95.ci.txt](clonality.data.table.pyclone.95.ci.txt)
<br>This file was generated by combining data from ABSOLUT, FACETs, and
PyClone for pre and on therapy samples. This data is used to assess
changes in mutational landscape over time

5.) [CountData.BMS038.txt](CountData.BMS038.txt)
<br>RNA-seq count data, please see STAR*METHODS for description on how
this was created. This file is used for rna-sequencing analysis

6.) [TableS6B_GeneExcluded.csv](TableS6B_GeneExcluded.csv)
<br>Supplemental file to facilitate differentially expressed gene analysis

7.) [survival.data.clonal.pyclone.0.95.TRUE.txt](survival.data.clonal.pyclone.0.95.TRUE.txt)
<br>Supplemental file to facilitate differentially expressed gene analysis

8.) [SampleTableCorrected.9.19.16.csv](SampleTableCorrected.9.19.16.csv)
<br>Supplemental file to facilitate differentially expressed gene analysis
